This privacy policy governs your use of the software application The Ball (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Just a’Tool. The Application uses augmented reality mechanism, so it needs your permission for using camera. The Application uses data from your camera only for real-time processing and calculation of The Ball coordinates. The Application does not save video or image data from camera. The Application “Built with Firebase”.  The Application has Google Analytics for Firebase. The Application has Google AdMob service. We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.  We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
